[GAIA THEME]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today,
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are here with Randy
Cramer who has knowledge
about ETs living amongst us.
Randy, welcome.
>>RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: Are you aware of any
ETs amongst us here on Earth?
>>CRAMER: Well, we've
certainly been briefed
that we have ETs here on Earth
that both look so similar to us
that, again, without
close examination,
or if you didn't know
what the differences were,
you wouldn't know.
But I've also heard of some
species that look very, very
different from us and
are using some form
of projected holograms so that
they look more like us as well.
Now one of the most fascinating
things that I've ever seen
was someone who
used to work-- or I
think they still
do work, security
at a Casino in Las Vegas.
And they were looking at the--
watching the camera
feed and these three ETs
with white skin, bulbous heads
came in sat down at the table,
and one of them looked
up at the camera,
and then the camera went out.
But interestingly enough,
when he went down to the table
and asked the dealer,
hey, did you see
those three guys at the table--
those non-humans, he was like,
no, I didn't see them at all.
So somehow the camera
caught their actual image
of what they
actually looked like,
but they were able to somehow
project an image up close that
made them not look
like extraterrestrials.
So whether that was a psionic
thing or a technological thing,
I'm not sure.
But I had seen the
photograph of that,
and I thought it was
absolutely fascinating
that the camera caught what
they actually looked like,
but no one who was on the
floor saw the difference at all
or saw three extraterrestrials
come into the Casino.
>>EMERY: So why are they here?
I mean, why do you think
they're actually living here?
I mean, why'd they
even go to a Casino?
What's your take on that?
>>CRAMER: Well, I would--
from what I understand, the
numerous programs that we have
around the world that are
developing technology, working
on propulsion systems, in
many cases go back decades,
and from what I understand,
back in the early days,
it was not uncommon for people
to be working in a program
to just all of a
sudden be approached
by an extraterrestrial or a
group of extraterrestrials
and say, hey, we can help
you out with this in exchange
for something, and that always
depends on what they want
or what they need for how
that negotiation comes out.
But a lot of those
relationships started back
in the 50s and the
60s, and they've
continued to present day.
So in some cases, you
have advisors, engineers,
scientists who are helping
terrestrial programs.
So in some cases, they
obviously have some freedom
to go on and off base,
and in the civilization
depending on how visible
or not visible they are.
So yeah.
>>EMERY: So they're hiding
kind of in plain sight
and working amongst us.
And do we know if there
is another agenda?
Who is controlling them
and where do they stay?
Are they going back to
the ships in the evening?
Are they actually
portraying to be humans
and having homes and
working regular jobs?
>>CRAMER: I would say the
answer to that probably depends
on the species, who
they're working for,
and how well they blend in.
I think there's some species
who probably live in houses
or live in homes that
someone is paying for,
and, again, blend in just
like we do, and others of them
probably are living on base--
or maybe staying on their
ship and coming on and off
for liberty like sailors do.
>>EMERY: Do you think they've
infiltrated any leadership
positions on the planet?
>>CRAMER: I've been
told that over time that
has been a concern,
but that there has also
been a concerted effort
to identify and remove
those who have infiltrated
or impersonating
terrestrial humans in
leadership positions.
So my understanding
is when we discover
a situation like that, a
case file is written up.
It's handed over to a
special team to investigate.
And usually that being will
be given an option to leave
or you know be dealt with.
And if they don't
voluntarily leave,
then they'll either be
arrested or terminated.
>>EMERY: What commander
gave you that protocol?
Where did you learn that from
that that's how they do this?
>>CRAMER: Oh, my
Brigadier General.
>>EMERY: Oh, OK.
Are there any ET groups that are
sanctioned by our governments
to actually be here legally?
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
I would say most of the ones
who are here have papers
and are given
permission to be here.
Essentially, we have
investigators and law
enforcement personnel
whose job is
to track down ETs who are
illegal aliens who aren't
necessarily sanctioned to be
here, and, again, if necessary
take them into custody,
and remove them.
>>EMERY: What about
exchange programs?
Do you know anything about--
>>CRAMER: Absolutely!
We definitely have
exchange programs.
We definitely send other
personnel to other worlds
to participate in
their process, and they
send people here to help
participate in our process.
Yeah, there's absolutely
exchange programs.
>>EMERY: Could you
give me some examples
to be more specific of
maybe the types of races
that we are doing
exchange programs with?
Are you aware of that?
>>CRAMER: There
was one ship that I
was stationed on
for a while that
had two extraterrestrial
tactical advisors.
They were bipedal
hominid, but not humanoid.
So they were very
distinctly different.
And when they were walking
up and down the hallways
clearly not one of us.
But they were very kind,
very straightforward,
and brilliant tacticians.
>>EMERY: And that was part
of an exchange program?
>>CRAMER: That was definitely
part of an exchange program.
My understanding is we
had sent tactical officers
to train and study with
them on their world
to learn their strategies
and their protocols,
and they had sent a couple of
people to help us on the ground
where we were working as well.
>>EMERY: Do you know
of any ET communities
that are living here on Earth?
>>CRAMER: Not above ground.
>>EMERY: Maybe I should say--
I was about to say, or maybe
I should say, inner Earth.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, if you want to
talk about above ground, not
specifically.
If you want to talk
about below ground,
my understanding
is there's dozens.
>>EMERY: Do you know what kind
of races that are down there?
>>CRAMER: I mean I've
encountered them.
I don't necessarily have
a list of who's there.
But what sort of
occurring subterranean
in some of the larger pockets
in the honeycomb there
are members of species from
other worlds that work there.
Some are transplanted citizens
so they're from somewhere else
but they live here
now, and the same way
like if you or I moved to France
we'd be you know Americans
living in France.
Well, they're other
species living here.
They've come to
live here for jobs.
And because they like it here,
someone asked them to be here.
The subterranean groups
tend to be intergalactically
melded very, very well.
So these are relationships
that have been going
on for thousands of years.
So I don't know that I could
historically understand them
well enough to
try and define how
those relationships developed,
or who exactly we're
talking about, or what list of
species we're talking about.
I'd have to get
information on that.
But it's at least a dozen
or more, a couple dozen.
>>EMERY: Have you
personally ever met
one of these species
from the underground?
>>CRAMER: Yes.
I've been down twice.
>>EMERY: And what did they look
like, and what kind of race
were they?
>>CRAMER: I actually
met Raptors,
the subterranean indigenous
reptoids on planet Earth
who are from here.
They developed here.
They evolved here.
And they've been
living underground
for a very, very long time.
So a reptoid is a term to
describe any general species
of a reptilian origin.
When we talk about
the Raptors, we're
talking about a specific
indigenous terrestrial species
that has evolved from
dinosaurs, and essentially went
subterranean a very,
very long time ago.
So they tend to have
longer, thinner legs.
They tend to have a long curved
neck with a longer snout.
They're-- I wouldn't go
so far to say is that
they're friendly.
I would go so far as to say
that they're not hostile.
But people are given
sort of general warnings
to not wander into
their territory,
because you might end
up food if you run
into the wrong group of people.
We definitely have a interactive
relationship with them,
and a participating, cooperative
relationship in bringing
balance to the surface.
So their main concern
is as we inbalance
what's happening on the
surface that that threatens
the planet as a whole.
Now their subterranean
civilizations
will survive regardless,
but they have an interest in
whether or not the surface
world is healthy or not.
And so, the worse
it gets, the more
they have to communicate
to us, uh, you can't just
destroy life on the surface.
You need to fix that or we'll
take some action to fix it
if you don't.
>>EMERY: And who is
receiving that intel?
So the extraterrestrials
know this is going on.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: And the
extraterrestrials
that are on the surface
know this is going on.
Some of them may be in
a position of leadership
that can maybe express
this problem we have?
>>CRAMER: I mean,
they certainly have
a social political structure.
And so, their
leadership communicates
with our leadership,
and they cooperate
for mutual gain and mutual
benefit for the planet
and both species as a whole.
>>EMERY: Through
my investigations,
I've noticed that these
underground facilities
and these pockets, these inner
Earth pockets and also bases
that are on top of the
planet that you can't
see that are cloaked with
these extraterrestrials
are utilizing technology
to easily move back
and forth through the universe.
And what is that
technology, and is it
similar to the technology you
used to get into inner Earth?
>>CRAMER: It tends to be
wormhole jump gate technology,
is my understanding of it.
>>EMERY: What is a jump gate?
>>CRAMER: A wormhole.
So if an entry point
opened over there,
an exit point could open on
the other side of the grounds
here, or on the other end of
the planet, or on the moon,
or on another planet
our solar system,
or on the other
end of the galaxy,
and the distance separating
those two doorways
is really about a foot, instead
of light years, or miles,
or whatever.
So you can go entry
in one doorway,
come out the other
nearly instantaneously
over just about any distance.
>>EMERY: And that's how you
got down to inner Earth?
>>CRAMER: Yes, absolutely.
>>EMERY: And why were
you in inner Earth?
>>CRAMER: I had to
sign some paperwork
and swear an oath
in front of a judge.
>>EMERY: And were
there extraterrestrials
there that you witnessed?
>>CRAMER: It was a Raptor judge.
So it was basically a
terrestrial personnel,
a member of ARB services
who escorted me there,
and we waited outside the court
room, which nobody was in.
But then, when it was
ready, when it was time,
I went in and stood
in front of him.
And he asked me some questions,
made me you know raise my hand
and swear, and then sign some
papers, got a thumbprint,
and then I was on my way.
>>EMERY: Was that to get
more access to other places
in the galaxy or?
>>CRAMER: It was to
grant me a authority
under their legal
system, which is global.
So it actually was able to
extend my legal authority
beyond our own federal system
into a global legal network.
>>EMERY: Tell me more
about the Raptors
and their legal authority.
>>CRAMER: Well, they've been
here longer than we have.
So their legal authority is a
bit bigger and a bit broader.
So in order to have
a larger authority
for investigative powers
that they wanted to give me,
it was important to essentially
go through that process
for me to swear, promise,
sign, thumbprint to them
so that I was sanctioned
under their legal authority,
under their legal
umbrella, which
was bigger than
the legal umbrella
that my people were able
to give me clearance for.
So it was an extra
clearance, extra authority
given to me by them.
>>EMERY: Let's jump into some
other ETs not from inner Earth,
but either on the surface
or around the planet
that you've been exposed to.
>>CRAMER: Well, I mean I
have encountered Sasquatch
three times in the wild.
They are not native
to this planet.
They're actually
from somewhere else,
but they've been here for
a very, very long time.
My understanding over 400,000
years or something like that.
So this is their
home, but it's not
where they're originally from.
So they are originated as
an offworld species that
have come here and
transplanted themselves,
and highly intelligent,
highly psionic,
the ability to blink
in and out of space.
And they're hilarious though.
What I found was the most
interesting and surprising
thing.
They have this great
sense of humor.
They love to laugh.
They love to joke around.
Half the time if you run
into them in the wild,
they're kind of
basically drawing you
into their game
of hide and seek.
And, yeah, they're
really just they're
super playful, and super
fun, hyper intelligent.
But, again, you don't see them
if they don't want you to see,
they don't leave
footprints if they
don't want to leave footprints.
So whenever you see
a footprint it's not
because they accidentally
left it there,
it's because they
consciously chose
to make a stomp in the ground
on purpose, because they
can run through the woods
without leaving a print.
>>EMERY: Very comical.
>>CRAMER: Yeah,
they're hilarious.
They're absolutely hilarious.
>>EMERY: And they
have the ability
to phase in and phase out, and
that's why you can't get them.
>>CRAMER: Oh, I've watched
them pop out from behind a tree
and then disappear as quickly
as I looked over and saw them.
>>EMERY: Absolutely,
I can attest to that.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: 100%.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, they're
brilliant and hilarious.
>>EMERY: Tell us about
these Tall Whites.
They're seen in Ontario and
in other parts of the planet.
If you know about this,
but these Tall Whites
have been seen in public.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
>>EMERY: Is that an
extraterrestrial?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, my understanding
is they're a hybrid.
They're a
terran-extraterrestrial hybrid
that was created to be
an intermediary species.
So the species-- the
originator species
created hybridization so that
the hybrids could communicate
and associate with us in a
way that was more separate
by the original species.
So from my understanding,
it's one of the offshoots
of the Zeta Reticulans,
and that they created
a human-zeta hybrid, that
again, these Tall Whites that
are an intermediary for them.
>>EMERY: And what is their
position here you think?
>>CRAMER: I've been
told it's mixed.
So I've been told that in some
cases they're very helpful,
but I've also been
told in some cases
that they can be A-holes
without you know trying to be
more descriptive than that.
So it's not very
black and white.
They can be friendly,
but apparently they're
kind of hypersensitive.
And so, you can find yourself on
the wrong end of a beam weapon
if you offend them, or
step on someone's toes,
or step in their
path the wrong way,
or standing in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
They have some weird
social protocols
that, my understanding,
people who
interact with them
on a regular basis
have to be very
clearly briefed upon
or serious injury
could befall them.
>>EMERY: What are
they doing here?
>>CRAMER: My understanding
for the most part
is helping to bring us some
more advanced technology while,
again, getting
something in return.
And most of the Zetas what
they really seem to want
are some of our DNA
so that they can
regain some connection to
their spiritual consciousness.
They've evolved so
intellectually far from
that, that rather than, oh,
let's spend the next 10,000
years meditating and
spiritually evolving ourselves.
They're like, well, actually
we have masters of genetics,
why don't we just find a
species that's more spiritual,
borrow their DNA, and become
more spiritual by hybridizing
ourselves.
So it's not necessarily
an evil intent.
It just often is conducted
in a way that is not
thoughtful or compassionate.
So sometimes people have
these negative experiences
and think that maybe they're
being evil or harmed.
It's really just kind of
a lack of consideration.
It's not that they hate
us or want to harm us.
They just don't necessarily
have the same compassion
or consideration to our
suffering or discomfort.
So they really just see
the goal of the agenda
of acquiring this
genetic material,
being able to successfully
fuse it with their own DNA
in order to create these
hybrid children, who
they see as this next
evolutionary step for them.
They would like to see their
current genetic existence
disappear completely and for
them to completely transfer
and transform themselves
into this new hybrid species
that they've been constructing.
So it's a very interesting
way to think of that a species
goal is to actually
extinct themselves
by creating a different
evolutionary line,
and taking that line, and
then extincting the line
that they're on because
they realize they're just
on the wrong track.
>>EMERY: How many hybrids
do you think are actually
out there on the surface?
Or are they working together as
a collective all these species?
Or are doing their
own separate missions?
>>CRAMER: It's got to be
in the tens of thousands
or upwards of 100,000 or more.
I wouldn't have specific
numbers on that right now,
but it's got to be a lot.
>>EMERY: And are they working
together these species,
or do you think they're just--
>>CRAMER: Oh, I think
sometimes they do,
and I think sometimes
they compete, and I
think sometimes they don't
necessarily like each other.
But, again, not
everybody gets along so.
>>EMERY: There's talk out
there of extraterrestrials
that can shapeshift.
Are you aware of any these?
>>CRAMER: Yes, absolutely.
Yeah, there's a plasmid
species, which is--
I don't how describe them.
If you were to imagine
a gelatinous life
form with neon
lights inside of it.
That's kind of what
they look like.
But they have the ability
to conform to just about
any external shape
so that they can
mimic being a human being, or a
Zeta Reticulant, or Sasquatch,
or a dolphin, or
just about anything
that's within a
relative size or scope.
They can't shrink
down to cat size,
or expand necessarily
to elephant size.
But anything that's
comparable mass
in size they can basically
shapeshift and hold that
form for an
incredibly long time.
They can hold a form
for hours or days.
>>EMERY: What's their agenda?
Where did they come from?
Why are they here?
>>CRAMER: The plasmids
that I'm aware of tend
to be mercenaries, because
one of the best ways
to assassinate someone
is to camouflage yourself
as something else, get close,
and then stab, kill, whatever.
So they tend to be very well
paid assassins, because that's
what they're good at.
So they're mercenaries there
has been a concerted effort
to expel them from the
terrestrial sphere,
and we certainly had some
incidents a few years back
where some of them were
trying to leave and or escape,
and we were acting to shoot
them down, or track them
down, and hunt them
while they were
going below the surface of
the ocean, and so forth.
It was it was a bit
of a deal for a while.
>>EMERY: Who sent the
mercenaries, number one,
and how do you--
how did we destroy
those types of races?
>>CRAMER: Well, I think that
in our travels of meeting
other beings someone
encountered them and decided
to tell someone else about
them who said, oh, let's
hire those guys to do this job.
So as far as they're concerned--
>>EMERY: It's very personal
corporate probably.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, it's all
about the payment for them.
As long as they
get paid what they
consider an adequate
compensation,
they'll take any job.
>>EMERY: We have heard
that the reptoids also
can shapeshift and stay in this
shapeshifting whatever they
choose, a human, and
possibly even infiltrate
our military or
political government.
Have you heard about this?
>>CRAMER: There's definitely
a couple of reptoid species
I'm familiar with that have
what I would call a very
localized chameleon or
shapeshifting ability that
is limited to the dermis.
So they're really just
changing their skin,
the surface of their skin.
So, again, if it's
comparable size,
the ability to just
change externally
so that they look
like a human being
is completely feasible,
completely possible.
And, yeah, we've had some
issues with every once
in a while finding those beings
mimicking or impersonating
political figures.
>>EMERY: So you actually
went out on missions
to hunt these guys down?
>>CRAMER: Not me
personally, but I
am aware that we have
engaged in those missions
to hunt them down
and deal with them.
>>EMERY: Dealing
with them means what?
Do we capture them, put
them in some sort of prison,
or what happens to these?
>>CRAMER: Well,
my understanding--
it depends on their
level of hostility
and or intellectual
cooperative tendencies.
So if a species is
considered to be someone
that you can go, wait a minute,
and then have a conversation,
and say, I got
you, you got to go.
And they're, OK, you
got me I got to go,
then that's what you do.
But if you know that species to
have a reputation that that's
not going to work, then
it's they're either
going to be arrested
or terminated,
and that really is a command
decision of the commander
in charge of that operation.
That would be up to them based
on the protocols and parameters
that they're given for
their job, what they
think is the best thing to do.
>>EMERY: Why do you believe
all these ETs come and visit
Earth and are amongst us?
What's your opinion on that?
Why are they actually all here?
And what's so
important about Earth?
What's so important about us?
>>CRAMER: Well, my
understanding of that,
is that planets at their--
in their core somewhere have
an actual physical location
where memory is stored
like a hard drive.
And when I say memory, I
mean every single thing that
has ever occurred
on that planet ever
is recorded into that sort
of hard drive of memory
somewhere down in the core.
Now there are a small
number of worlds that are--
we call them library
planets, and not--
they not only stored data
from their own memory system,
from their own
planetary experience,
but they have copies
of other memories
and other hard drives
from other planets.
So in case anything happens
to one of those planets,
that memory of
genetic information,
historical information
is stored somewhere else.
My understanding is Earth
is a library planet.
So there like a
massive amount of data
that is beyond your
brain or my brain
to even comprehend like
how much data that is.
So let's just say that the
value of that information
is beyond priceless.
And so, any species
that understands
that there is a potential
for them to get access
to that information
might spare no expense,
whether friendly or hostile, in
order to gain access to that.
So certain species may have
decided it's best for them
to be friendly with us to
try and get a library card,
where there may be other
species that would rather just
steal books from the library.
>>EMERY: And where on Earth
do you think this is located?
I know it's not like, of
course, a building you go to.
Through my experience there
using the granite and crystal
formations of the
Inner Earth to record
in the hard drives
of other planets too,
and other planets
done the same for us,
and we were able to access
that and go back, let's
say next week go back to this
time, this space and time,
and actually see us and actually
hear everything we just said.
And we could do that--
we can do that 20,
30 years back now.
>>CRAMER: Oh millions
of years back.
So it records everything.
>>EMERY: So you know about this.
So where-- is it that?
Where is this?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, it's basically
a mineral memory system.
So different granite, gold, and
crystalline mineral structures
hold most of that information
and most of that memory,
from my understanding.
And it's down
pretty far, so it's
below what we would consider
to be the honeycomb space.
And then, there's another--
there's a second honeycomb
layer underneath the sort
of what we think of as
the Agartha Network, which
is this sort of first
honeycomb layer.
There's a secondary
honeycomb layer that's--
I don't feel at liberty
to discuss in this forum,
but let's just say that it
gets really weird down there,
and that the memory system
is somewhere beneath that.
And that you would have to get
through this secondary layer
to get to that,
and let's just say
that what lives there
is not likely to let
you get through that without
very specific permission.
>>EMERY: What lives there?
>>CRAMER: I don't feel at
liberty to discuss that
at this time and in this forum.
>>EMERY: Why can't
you answer us on that?
[SIGHS]
>>CRAMER: I think
the simplest answer
is that certain things for
people are easier to believe
or more difficult to believe.
If I were to try and explain
what I understand exists there,
there are some people
that would simply--
it would damage my
credibility because they
would think that I was
describing something that
couldn't even possibly exist.
So rather than try
and explain something
to people that is beyond
their ability to comprehend,
I would rather not go there.
>>EMERY: That's a great
answer and I agree with you.
Sometimes we're just
not ready for it.
>>CRAMER: Let's just say
they're big and they're weird.
>>EMERY: What about ETs
living in the oceans?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
I mean we certainly
know that there
are species of
whale and porpoise
that are not from here that
are from Sirius B. The Dogon
Tribe certainly has a historical
record of spaceships coming
down and porpoises coming
out and talking to them that
probably goes back a
couple of thousand years
or something like that.
But I would say that they
didn't all come at once.
So maybe a certain
cetacean species
showed up 50,000 years ago,
and another one showed up
10,000 years ago, and another
one showed up 2,000 years ago.
And there are
certainly some species
who have chosen to live down
near the bottom of the ocean,
or down in large cave
systems or so forth,
because they can take their
ships down there and park,
and it's a perfectly
good place to stay
where humans don't hang out.
So it's very safe out of
the way place for them.
>>EMERY: Are you aware of any
bases or portals down there?
>>CRAMER: There
absolutely are bases down.
We have built bases down there.
Extraterrestrials have
built bases down there.
Portals I've not
been briefed on,
but I am to understand
that they're there.
That they exist.
>>EMERY: What
about the locations
of these extraterrestrial bases,
and where are they living?
What part of the Earth?
What oceans is what
I'm trying to get at?
>>CRAMER: All over.
I mean there's actually a
very interesting history
in the Solomon Islands, where
the natives there talk about
this other city that's--
they point off the coast
down into the water
and go, well, that's
where the gods live,
down there underwater.
So there's definitely
some cultures
around the world that have
had these relationships,
and know where some
of these things
are, and reference them in
their cultural mythology
and so forth.
So that's one that
it's certainly
been referenced more than
once both historically
and by modern
understanding, but I
would suggest they're
peppered all over the place.
There is no here and not there.
They're peppered all over.
>>EMERY: Are there
any ETs out there
that you've met that claim
to have human origins?
>>CRAMER: I mean there are
species that we understand
to have some common
origins with us,
but I don't know that I'm
aware of a species that
says that we're their origin,
or that they're evolved,
or that they're from
here, or from us,
and went somewhere
else and came back.
I'm not familiar
with any species
that has that relationship.
Doesn't mean there isn't, but
I'm not familiar with anyone.
>>EMERY: Are you familiar
with a common source
that we have with other ETs.
You did mention how we
almost kind of look the same
on some of these planets.
So what's your answer to that?
Why are we so similar to
so many species out there?
>>CRAMER: Our understanding
is two reasons to that.
One is common biological
genetic ancestry,
which is very intermixed.
So I mean we have dozens or
more sources of genetic origin
that come into our species.
And so, some of those species
have been to other planets,
and interbred, and
intermixed their genetics
with other species.
So those are common ancestors.
But the second reason
is, again, this thing
is I find very curious which
is that the universe repeats
successful mathematical
operations.
So sometimes we can
track where there's
a common ancestor, and
other times it just
appears as if there's a
parallel and yet completely
separate path of evolution
that is repeating
a successful
mathematical pattern.
>>EMERY: Do you notice
that most of these ETs
have that five star pattern of
a head, two arms, and two legs?
>>CRAMER: Again, from
who we interact with I'd
say that that happens a lot.
But I've certainly seen species
that defy that description.
So I would say, again--
and we're interacting
with species, again, who
are similar to us
for trade purposes,
so maybe more of
the species that we
interact with than don't
might conform to that pattern.
But I don't think I could
say that in general,
like all life in the
galaxy or that we know
of in the universe, conforms to
that pattern or that it's even
a 50-50--
so I wouldn't I wouldn't
have any numbers on that,
but we see it a
lot because those
are species that we interact
with, that we trade with.
But there's absolutely some
really wide differences
to that as well.
>>EMERY: Randy, are
you currently working
with any extraterrestrials
personally right
now at this time?
>>CRAMER: A couple, yeah.
A couple of species.
>>EMERY: In what regards?
>>CRAMER: There
is a species that
works very closely with the
United States Marine Corps
Special Section.
They have not had
a spoken language
for a very, very long time.
So we have to translate
how we understand
them to be into human language.
So we tend to
refer to them based
on what they've told us
as the Children of Light
as they're called, which is get
a rough translation from what
they understand.
They are actually evolved
from a reptoid species,
but they're so far advanced
that you would look at them
and not see the reptoid in them.
They tend to be fairly small,
large, kind of a boxy head,
big eyes, super
intelligent, lifespans
that in the millions of years.
Yeah, they're pretty unique
and pretty impressive.
And a couple, again, of species
who are living subterranean.
>>EMERY: You probably heard
in the news every day almost,
practically, there's
something about UFOs,
or unidentified
aerial phenomena.
That's the new term.
Who are they and
what is going on?
It's obvious they're
showing themselves.
We're seeing this.
I know a lot of this is reverse
engineered stuff we have
and a lot of it's not.
A lot lot.
>>CRAMER: Right.
>>EMERY: What do
you know about that?
>>CRAMER: Well, certainly
as far as talking
about what's happening
in the media,
in the news right now, the
Navy more than any other agency
has been pushing this for
the last couple of years
to get us closer and closer.
So they've changed their
reporting standards.
They went from a stance of
saying, if you see something,
don't tell us or you
could lose your flying,
to now saying, if you're
a pilot and you've ever
seen or experienced
in something,
we've changed the
reporting protocols.
We would like you to
make a report so that we
can start correlating
information that we
want to release to the public.
They've got an ex-assistant
intelligence director
who's working with
these Navy pilots who
are telling their stories.
They're doing it on cable
and other TV programs that
are doing documentaries on it.
They're regularly appearing on
news programs and news shows
talking about it.
And the media is treating this
as if it's just a different day
than it was 10 years ago.
I mean 10 years ago,
you'd have people
in the media being way more
skeptical way more scoffy.
But they're clearly reading
from bullet points that's
way more supportive
and way more accepting,
while just giving people that
room for plausible deniability
so they don't have to freak out
if it touches a nerve for them.
So they can still be like, well,
I don't want to believe it.
But there is definitely
a concerted effort
to get closer and closer to
a place where we're admitting
and acknowledging the
information that we have,
which, again, is stepping
stones towards getting this
to a disclosure moment.
As far as what
species we're talking
about that have been
visiting here, I mean,
goodness gracious, I mean
we're talking about hundreds
of species over just the
last few decades that
have been here, been
visiting here, some of them
with permission, some of
them without permission.
>>EMERY: We also both realize
that that footage, which
a lot of it comes
from the military,
if they really did not want
that released it would not
have been released.
Is it possible,
Randy, that they're
doing maybe a slow release to
ramp us up to get us ready?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
In fact, what I found
interesting watching
one of the programs
talking about
this Nimitz event was one
of the radar operators
who'd been on the ship who was
talking about the camera images
that they were releasing.
He said that he had seen
a higher resolution image
than the one they're releasing.
So they've released
an image that they've
blurred a little
bit deliberately
when the actual
image that they have
is way more high definition.
So that shows some effort to,
yeah, we want to show you this.
But we just want to
make it fuzzy enough
to not be too shocking.
So, again, I think that's all
part of the concerted effort
to get us softened up so that
we're ready when whatever
happens happens.
>>EMERY: Where do you see
the evolution of humans
and extraterrestrials
finally just
coming out in broad daylight,
and working together,
and this not be such
a big secret anymore?
>>CRAMER: Well, without going
into some lengthy discussion
about the stepping stones
that we've gone through
over the past seven
decades, I will
sum up and say that
we have been going
through a process over decades
that we're getting closer,
and closer, and closer
to what I would refer to
as an inevitable
disclosure moment,
because it's not
something no matter what
we do that we're going to be
able to keep secret forever.
But there is a
gray area as far as
how much longer that
will be a secret
or how soon that
will be exposed.
Now my understanding
of that process
is those conversations
are going on.
No times or dates
have been set yet,
but we are talking about
what should be soon.
Now when I say soon,
let me put it this way,
I would be shocked and surprised
if we get to 2023, 2024
and we're still having this
conversation without being
surrounded by
extraterrestrial neighbors.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I
agree with that.
Well, Randy, thank you so
much for coming on the show.
It's great having you.
Always is.
>>CRAMER: Thank
you for having me.
It's been great to be here.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]